README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="250" height="250" src="https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/stickerslug-logo3.png">
</p>

<br>

# _The Bakery_

#### _a simple c# bakery order application_	

#### By _**Tristan Emmerson**_

<br>

## **DESCRIPTION**

_c# Bakery order app utilizing order discounts and BOGO offers._

<br>

## **SPECIFICATIONS**

| Spec 	| Input 	| Output 	|
|-	|-	|-	|


<br>

## **SETUP & INSTALL**

*  _Recommended browser for everything in life. [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)_.

*  _Github [repository](https://github.com/tmemmerson/Bakery.Solution.git)_



*  **Windows/Mac Users:** If modifying for personal use, dl Git [here](https://git-scm.com/downloads/) (v2.62.2)

* Download [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (v1.45)

* Download ZIP [here](https://github.com/tmemmerson/currency-exchanger4.git) OR if you are comfortable cloning a repo, copy the link as shown below.

![cloning](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/clone.gif "How to clone repo")

* this image shows you where to paste your copied link into VSCode

![cloning](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/clone-github2.gif "Cloning from Github within VSCode")

<br>

## **PROTECTING YOUR DATA**


* Step 1: create a .gitignore file in the top level of your project directory. populate the file as shown in step 1 of the image below.

* Step 2: commit that .gitignore file as shown in image below(this prevents your sensitive information from being shown to others). **DO NOT PROCEED UNTIL YOU DO THIS!**

![setup](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/readme-image-2.jpg "Set up instructions")

1. This program utilizes .NET version 3.1, and requires this framework to be pre-installed:
    * Please go to https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1 and install the SDK   version 3.1 or greater patch version, but do not upgrade to a higher minor version number.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer: https://github.com/...
3. In your preferred terminal window, navigate into PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME using cd (i.e. cd desktop/PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME) and open the project with your preferred code editor.
4. Run the following terminal command: $ dotnet restore
5. To initiate this terminal program, run the command: $ dotnet run
6. To run the test suite included with this project, within the terminal navigate into PROJECTNAME.TESTS and run the following commands:
    * $ dotnet restore
    * $ dotnet test



<br>

## **Known Bugs**

*EDIT* _**No Known Bugs:**7/17/2020_

<br>

## **Support and contact details**

_Questions, comments and concerns can be directed to the author(s) [Tristan Emmerson](tristan@stickerslug.com)_

<br>

## **Technologies Used**

_**Written in:** [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)_

_**Image work:** [Adobe Photoshop](https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html/)_


<br>

## **License**
![alt text][logo]

[logo]: https://img.shields.io/bower/l/bootstrap "MIT License"

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Tristan Emmerson, Stickerslug Inc._**

Commit message:

update README.md with project specs.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="250" height="250" src="https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/stickerslug-logo3.png">
</p>

<br>

# _The Bakery_

#### _a simple c# bakery order application_	

#### By _**Tristan Emmerson**_

<br>

## **DESCRIPTION**

_c# Bakery order app utilizing order discounts and BOGO offers._

<br>

## **SPECIFICATIONS**

| Spec 	| Input 	| Output 	|
|-	|-	|-	|
| greet user with order prompt and item prices 	| dotnet run 	| "welcome to our bakery. we sell bread loaves for $5 or B2GOF. We also sell pastries for $2 or 3 for $5. 	|
| allow user to specify a quantity of bread and pastries to purchase 	| bread: 2<br>pastries: 3 	| order: 2x bread<br>       3x pastries 	|
| return order total with applied promotions 	| bread: 2<br>pastries: 3 	| order total: <br>3x bread (B2GOF) = $10<br>3x pastries (3For$5) = $5<br>_______________________________<br>total: $15.00 	|

<br>

## **SETUP & INSTALL**

*  _Recommended browser for everything in life. [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)_.

*  _Github [repository](https://github.com/tmemmerson/Bakery.Solution.git)_



*  **Windows/Mac Users:** If modifying for personal use, dl Git [here](https://git-scm.com/downloads/) (v2.62.2)

* Download [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (v1.45)

* Download ZIP [here](https://github.com/tmemmerson/currency-exchanger4.git) OR if you are comfortable cloning a repo, copy the link as shown below.

![cloning](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/clone.gif "How to clone repo")

* this image shows you where to paste your copied link into VSCode

![cloning](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/clone-github2.gif "Cloning from Github within VSCode")

<br>

## **PROTECTING YOUR DATA**


* Step 1: create a .gitignore file in the top level of your project directory. populate the file as shown in step 1 of the image below.

* Step 2: commit that .gitignore file as shown in image below(this prevents your sensitive information from being shown to others). **DO NOT PROCEED UNTIL YOU DO THIS!**

![setup](https://coding-assets.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/img/readme-image-2.jpg "Set up instructions")

1. This program utilizes .NET version 3.1, and requires this framework to be pre-installed:
    * Please go to https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1 and install the SDK   version 3.1 or greater patch version, but do not upgrade to a higher minor version number.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer: https://github.com/...
3. In your preferred terminal window, navigate into PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME using cd (i.e. cd desktop/PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME) and open the project with your preferred code editor.
4. Run the following terminal command: $ dotnet restore
5. To initiate this terminal program, run the command: $ dotnet run
6. To run the test suite included with this project, within the terminal navigate into PROJECTNAME.TESTS and run the following commands:
    * $ dotnet restore
    * $ dotnet test



<br>

## **Known Bugs**

*EDIT* _**No Known Bugs:**7/17/2020_

<br>

## **Support and contact details**

_Questions, comments and concerns can be directed to the author(s) [Tristan Emmerson](tristan@stickerslug.com)_

<br>

## **Technologies Used**

_**Written in:** [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)_

_**Image work:** [Adobe Photoshop](https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html/)_


<br>

## **License**
![alt text][logo]

[logo]: https://img.shields.io/bower/l/bootstrap "MIT License"

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Tristan Emmerson, Stickerslug Inc._**
